[Task] Update Slean link slide and video (#105)
framgia/Training-Guideline: Dart/dart.en.md

Students are encouraged to refer to these materials to understand what to focus on in each section:

> - Videos and slides are available on S-Learn's "Flutter" course: https://tpiv.wsm.vn/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Videos and slides are available on S-Learn's "Flutter" course: https://tiv.wsm.vn/learn/vi/course/1503/
```
